September 18, 2024

Federal Reserve issues FOMC statement
For release at 2:00 p.m. EDT

Share
Recent indicators suggest that economic activity has continued to expand at a solid pace. Job gains have slowed, and the unemployment rate has moved up but remains low. Inflation has made further progress toward the Committee's 2 percent objective but remains somewhat elevated.

The Committee seeks to achieve maximum employment and inflation at the rate of 2 percent over the longer run. The Committee has gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2 percent, and judges that the risks to achieving its employment and inflation goals are roughly in balance. The economic outlook is uncertain, and the Committee is attentive to the risks to both sides of its dual mandate.

In light of the progress on inflation and the balance of risks, the Committee decided to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 1/2 percentage point to 4-3/4 to 5 percent. In considering additional adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will carefully assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. The Committee will continue reducing its holdings of Treasury securities and agency debt and agency mortgage‑backed securities. The Committee is strongly committed to supporting maximum employment and returning inflation to its 2 percent objective.

In assessing the appropriate stance of monetary policy, the Committee will continue to monitor the implications of incoming information for the economic outlook. The Committee would be prepared to adjust the stance of monetary policy as appropriate if risks emerge that could impede the attainment of the Committee's goals. The Committee's assessments will take into account a wide range of information, including readings on labor market conditions, inflation pressures and inflation expectations, and financial and international developments.

Voting for the monetary policy action were Jerome H. Powell, Chair; John C. Williams, Vice Chair; Thomas I. Barkin; Michael S. Barr; Raphael W. Bostic; Lisa D. Cook; Mary C. Daly; Beth M. Hammack; Philip N. Jefferson; Adriana D. Kugler; and Christopher J. Waller. Voting against this action was Michelle W. Bowman, who preferred to lower the target range for the federal funds rate by 1/4 percentage point at this meeting.

For media inquiries, please email media@frb.gov or call 202-452-2955.

Implementation Note issued September 18, 2024
-----------------------------------------------------
2024 年 9 月 18 日

美联储发布 FOMC 声明
美国东部时间下午 2:00 发布

最近的指标显示，经济活动继续稳步增长。就业增长放缓，失业率上升但仍处于低位。通胀率进一步向委员会 2% 的目标迈进，但仍略有上升。

委员会寻求在较长时期内实现充分就业和 2% 的通胀率。委员会对通胀率持续向 2% 迈进的信心增强，并判断实现就业和通胀目标的风险大致平衡。经济前景不确定，委员会对其双重使命面临的风险保持关注。

鉴于通胀进展和风险平衡，委员会决定将联邦基金利率目标区间下调 0.5 个百分点至 4.75 至 5%。在考虑进一步调整联邦基金利率目标区间时，委员会将仔细评估后续数据、不断变化的前景和风险平衡。委员会将继续减持美国国债、机构债券和机构抵押贷款支持证券。委员会坚定地致力于支持充分就业，并将通胀率恢复至 2% 的目标。

在评估适当的货币政策立场时，委员会将继续监测新信息对经济前景的影响。如果出现可能阻碍委员会目标实现的风险，委员会将准备酌情调整货币政策立场。委员会的评估将考虑广泛的信息，包括劳动力市场状况、通胀压力和通胀预期以及金融和国际发展情况。

支持货币政策行动的有主席杰罗姆·鲍威尔 (Jerome H. Powell)、副主席约翰·威廉姆斯 (John C. Williams)、托马斯·巴金 (Thomas I. Barkin)、迈克尔·巴尔 (Michael S. Barr)、拉斐尔·博斯蒂克 (Raphael W. Bostic)、丽莎·库克 (Lisa D. Cook)、玛丽·戴利 (Mary C. Daly)、贝丝·哈马克 (Beth M. Hammack)、菲利普·杰斐逊 (Philip N. Jefferson)、阿德里安娜·库格勒 (Adriana D. Kugler) 和克里斯托弗·沃勒 (Christopher J. Waller)。反对该行动的是米歇尔·鲍曼 (Michelle W. Bowman)，她希望在本次会议上将联邦基金利率目标区间下调 1/4 个百分点。


